README.md, before:

# Kona-CLI

This is a simple UNIX Shell Script (runs on korn shell), which uses the [Konachan API](https://konachan.com/help/api) to download wallpapers from the Konachan databse. Downloads sample wallpapers first and then downloads the full wallpaper in jpeg format to save bandwidth.

It has three main functionality:

1. Grab the latest posts. When ran for the first time downloads latest 21 posts or 1 page. Once the latest wallpaper id has been cached, only newly uploaded wallpapers will be downloaded later on.

Usage: ```kona-cli gn``` gn for "get new"

2. Download the higher resolution jpeg image of the given 6 digit id. No sample image will be downloaded. Makes sense since you made the choice :)

Usage: ```kona-cli id  308134```

3. Download wallpapers based on query tags.

Usage: ```kona-cli se 5 yae_miko``` se for "search"

The first field takes number of sample wallpapers to view. The second field takes search string. Moebooru API, on which Konachan is based on uses underscore `(_)` separated names for tags with whitespaces. So better use underscores instead of whitespaces as shown in the example.

The wallpapers are downloaded to `$XDG_DATA_HOME/backgrounds` or `$HOME/.local/share/backgrounds`.

## Why Konachan ?

Konachan focuses on desktop anime wallpapers rather than other image boards (Danbooru/Gelbooru) which use any resolution images.


## Dependencies

* jq
* ksh
* curl
* [sxiv](https://github.com/bakkeby/sxiv-flexipatch.git)


## Credits

* [CoolnsX](https://github.com/CoolnsX)
    1. pointed out recurring code
    2. forking curl id caching into background improves speed

* [justchokingaround](https://github.com/justchokingaround)
    1. changes taken from the [commit](https://github.com/justchokingaround/kona-cli/commit/0c1ecca0480679fb054cb59d32ea25e6f8fc4a7d), removed redundant curling of latest id
    2. sed condition check #10, doesn't manipulate the json data when a full json is recieved

Commit message:

imagine being restricted to one query tag

README.md, after:

# Kona-CLI

This is a simple UNIX Shell Script (runs on korn shell), which uses the [Konachan API](https://konachan.com/help/api) to download wallpapers from the Konachan databse. Downloads sample wallpapers first and then downloads the full wallpaper in jpeg format to save bandwidth.

It has three main functionality:

1. Grab the latest posts. When ran for the first time downloads latest 21 posts or 1 page. Once the latest wallpaper id has been cached, only newly uploaded wallpapers will be downloaded later on.

Usage: ```kona-cli gn``` gn for "get new"

2. Download the higher resolution jpeg image of the given 6 digit id. No sample image will be downloaded. Makes sense since you made the choice :)

Usage: ```kona-cli id  308134```

3. Download wallpapers based on query tags.

Usage: ```kona-cli se 5 yae_miko``` se for "search"

The first field takes number of sample wallpapers to view. The second field takes search string. Moebooru API, on which Konachan is based on uses underscore `(_)` separated names for tags with whitespaces. So better use underscores instead of whitespaces as shown in the example.

The wallpapers are downloaded to `$XDG_DATA_HOME/backgrounds` or `$HOME/.local/share/backgrounds`.

## Additional features of this fork

* Search wallpapers with more than one query tag.


## Why Konachan ?

Konachan focuses on desktop anime wallpapers rather than other image boards (Danbooru/Gelbooru) which use any resolution images.


## Dependencies

* jq
* ksh
* curl
* [sxiv](https://github.com/bakkeby/sxiv-flexipatch.git)


## Credits

* [CoolnsX](https://github.com/CoolnsX)
    1. pointed out recurring code
    2. forking curl id caching into background improves speed

* [justchokingaround](https://github.com/justchokingaround)
    1. changes taken from the [commit](https://github.com/justchokingaround/kona-cli/commit/0c1ecca0480679fb054cb59d32ea25e6f8fc4a7d), removed redundant curling of latest id
    2. sed condition check #10, doesn't manipulate the json data when a full json is recieved
